K6 quality of life updates (#10985)
netdata/netdata: collectors/statsd.plugin/k6.md

<!--

> title: "K6 Load Testing monitoring with Netdata"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "K6 load test monitoring with Netdata"
```

custom_edit_url: https://github.com/netdata/netdata/edit/master/collectors/stats.d.plugin/k6.md
sidebar_label: "K6 Load Testing"
-->

# K6 Load Testing monitoring with Netdata

> Monitors the performance of your Load Testing experiments using [K6](https://k6.io/).

Reviewer: I feel like "impact" is maybe the more appropriate word here. I also changed "using," because I worry that people might think you use K6 to do the monitoring. Silly, I know, but just to be safe.

```suggestion
Monitors the impact of load testing experiments performed with [K6](https://k6.io/).
```

You can read more about the metrics that K6 sends in the [K6 documentation](https://k6.io/docs/using-k6/metrics/). 

## Requirements

> -   When running the k6 experiment, specify a [StatsD output](https://k6.io/docs/results-visualization/statsd/).
>     -   Tip: K6 currently supports tags only with [datadog output](https://k6.io/docs/results-visualization/datadog/), which is in essence StatsD. Netdata can be used with both.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When running the k6 experiment, specify a [StatsD output](https://k6.io/docs/results-visualization/statsd/).
- Tip: K6 currently supports tags only with [datadog output](https://k6.io/docs/results-visualization/datadog/), which
  is in essence StatsD. Netdata can be used with both.
```

neat: formatting

Reviewer 2: Or it supposed to be?

- When...
  - Tip...

> 1. **HTTP Requests**
> 
> Number of HTTP requests that K6 generates, per second.

Reviewer: I think you need to "embed" the text of each of these into the list itself. I don't know if that makes sense, but look here:

```suggestion
1. **HTTP Requests**
   Number of HTTP requests that K6 generates, per second.
```

You'll have to do this for each of the numbered items below.

>     Number of HTTP requests that K6 generates, per second.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Number of HTTP requests that K6 generates, per second.
```

<img width="709" alt="Screenshot 2021-04-26 at 22 08 32" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22274335/116137226-f4338d80-a6db-11eb-9d01-98e2b96391ed.png">

Other changes after I applied markdown formatting with hard wrap at 120. If you don't use any, I suggest looking into it - a pretty handy thing.

```diff
diff --git a/k6.md b/k6.md
index f94812c..eaaf998 100644
--- a/k6.md
+++ b/k6.md
@@ -8,24 +8,26 @@ sidebar_label: "K6 Load Testing"

 Monitors the impact of load testing experiments performed with [K6](https://k6.io/).

-You can read more about the metrics that K6 sends in the [K6 documentation](https://k6.io/docs/using-k6/metrics/).
+You can read more about the metrics that K6 sends in the [K6 documentation](https://k6.io/docs/using-k6/metrics/).

 ## Requirements

--   When running the k6 experiment, specify a [StatsD output](https://k6.io/docs/results-visualization/statsd/).
-    -   Tip: K6 currently supports tags only with [datadog output](https://k6.io/docs/results-visualization/datadog/), which is in essence StatsD. Netdata can be used with both.
+- When running the k6 experiment, specify a [StatsD output](https://k6.io/docs/results-visualization/statsd/).
+    - Tip: K6 currently supports tags only with [datadog output](https://k6.io/docs/results-visualization/datadog/),
+      which is in essence StatsD. Netdata can be used with both.

 ## Metrics

 ### HTTP Requests
-
-    Number of HTTP requests that K6 generates, per second.
+
+Number of HTTP requests that K6 generates, per second.

 ### Failed HTTP Requests

 Number of failed HTTP requests that K6 generates, per second.

 ### Virtual Active Users
+
 Current number of active virtual users.

 ### Iteration Duration
@@ -41,8 +43,9 @@ The number of iterations that could not be started either due to lack of Virtual
 The amount of data received and sent.

 ### TTP Requests total duration
-
+
 The total duration it took for a round-trip of an HTTP request. It includes:
+
 - Blocked HTTP requests: time spent blocked before initiating the request
 - Connecting HTTP requests: time spent establishing TCP connection to the remote host
 - Sending HTTP requests: time spent sending data to the remote host
@@ -51,9 +54,11 @@ The total duration it took for a round-trip of an HTTP request. It includes:

 ### HTTP duration metrics

-Different metrics on the HTTP request as defined by K6. The HTTP request duration is defined by K6 as: `HTTP sending request` + `HTTP receiving request` + `HTTP waiting request`.
+Different metrics on the HTTP request as defined by K6. The HTTP request duration is defined by K6
+as: `HTTP sending request` + `HTTP receiving request` + `HTTP waiting request`.

 Metrics:
+
 - Median
 - Average
 - Max
@@ -65,8 +70,12 @@ Metrics:

 The collector is preconfigured and defined in `statsd.plugin/k6.conf`.

-Due to being a StatsD collector, you only need to define the configuration file and then send data to Netdata using the StatsD protocol.
+Due to being a StatsD collector, you only need to define the configuration file and then send data to Netdata using the
+StatsD protocol.

-If Netdata is running on the same machine as K6, no further configuration is required. Otherwise, you will have to [point K6](https://k6.io/docs/results-visualization/statsd/) to your node and make sure that the K6 process can reach Netdata.
+If Netdata is running on the same machine as K6, no further configuration is required. Otherwise, you will have
+to [point K6](https://k6.io/docs/results-visualization/statsd/) to your node and make sure that the K6 process can reach
+Netdata.

-The default namespace that is used in the configuration is `k6`. If you change it in K6, you will have to change it as well in the configuration file `k6.conf`.
+The default namespace that is used in the configuration is `k6`. If you change it in K6, you will have to change it as
+well in the configuration file `k6.conf`.

```

> **Failed HTTP Requests**

Reviewer: I think you're missing a number here?

```suggestion
2. **Failed HTTP Requests**
```

Number of failed HTTP requests that K6 generates, per second.

> 1. **Virtual Active Users**
> 
> Current number of active virtual users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Virtual Active Users**
   Current number of active virtual users.
```

2. **Iteration Duration**

The time it took K6 to complete one full iteration of the main function.

3. **Dropped Iterations**

The number of iterations that could not be started either due to lack of Virtual Users or lack of time.

4. **Data**

The amount of data received and sent.

5. **HTTP Requests total duration**
   
The total duration it took for a round-trip of an HTTP request. It includes:
- Blocked HTTP requests: time spent blocked before initiating the request
- Connecting HTTP requests: time spent establishing TCP connection to the remote host
- Sending HTTP requests: time spent sending data to the remote host
- Receiving HTTP requests: time spent receiving data from the remote host
- Waiting HTTP requests: time spent waiting for response from the remote host

6. **HTTP duration metrics**

Different metrics on the HTTP request as defined by K6. The HTTP request duration is defined by K6 as: `HTTP sending request` + `HTTP receiving request` + `HTTP waiting request`. 

Metrics:
- Median
- Average
- Max
- Min
- 95th percentile
- absolute (the value as it is, without any computation)

## Configuration

> The collector is pre-configured and defined in `k6.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The collector is preconfigured and defined in `statsd.plugin/k6.conf`.
```

Due to being a StatsD collector, you only need to define the configuration file and then send data to Netdata using the StatsD protocol.

> If Netdata is running on the same machine as K6 no further configuration is required. Otherwise, you will have to [point K6](https://k6.io/docs/results-visualization/statsd/) to the Netdata instance and make sure that the K6 process can reach the Netdata Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Netdata is running on the same machine as K6, no further configuration is required. Otherwise, you will have to [point K6](https://k6.io/docs/results-visualization/statsd/) to your node and make sure that the K6 process can reach Netdata.
```

<!--
title: "K6 Load Testing monitoring with Netdata"
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/netdata/netdata/edit/master/collectors/stats.d.plugin/k6.md
sidebar_label: "K6 Load Testing"
-->

# K6 Load Testing monitoring with Netdata

> Monitors the performance of your Load Testing experiments using K6.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Monitors the performance of your Load Testing experiments using [K6](https://k6.io/).
```

Make it a link?
